From: law@iprights.com
To: abuse_thepiratebay.org
Subject: URGENT - FOOTBALL MANAGER TRADE MARK INFRINGEMENT


Dear Sirs[?xml:namespace prefix = o ns =
"urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /]

 

Our client: SEGA Europe Limited

 

We act on behalf of SEGA Europe Limited (â^À^ÜSEGAâ^À^Ý) in the
enforcement of its Intellectual Property Rights in the [?xml:namespace
prefix = st1 ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" /]United
Kingdom.

 

As you will be aware, Sega is world famous and is recognised as being an
industry leader in interactive entertainment. Sega, and its software
developer Sports Interactive Limited (â^À^ØSports Interactiveâ^À^Ù) have
recently announced that its new football management PC game â^À^ØFOOTBALL
MANAGER 2005â^À^Ù is due to be launched later this month (see:
http://www.sigames.com/news.php?type=view&article_id=1029). As a result
of the recent publicity our client and Sports Interactive enjoy a
substantial reputation and goodwill in the FOOTBALL MANAGER name.

 

Further, SEGAâ^À^Ùs developer, Sports Interactive is the owner of a UK
trade mark registration for FOOTBALL MANAGER under number 2,169,952.  We
attach details of the UK registered trade mark for your information.

 

â^À^Øthepiratebay.orgâ^À^Ù website / FOOTBALL MANAGER 2005

 

It has come to our clientâ^À^Ùs attention that through the service
provided by your â^À^Øthepiratebay.orgâ^À^Ù website, users are able, by
clicking on a link on your website featuring the FOOTBALL MANAGER trade
mark, to download an unauthorised and illegal version of our clientâ^À^Ùs
new FOOTBALL MANAGER 2005 PC game. In this regard, your website is
currently listing FOOTBALL MANAGER 2005 as number 1 in its â^À^ÜTop
5â^À^Ý and a substantial number of UK users used your services to
download this game in the UK.

 

By providing this service to UK users using the FOOTBALL MANAGER name,
you are infringing the FOOTBALL MANAGER trade mark in the UK. Further,
our client is concerned that due to the volume of illegal copies of our
clientâ^À^Ùs FOOTBALL MANAGER 2005 PC game being provided via your
service our client is losing substantial sums of money in lost sales. 

 

This email is ask that you immediately remove the link complained of, and
to confirm that there will be no further misuse of the FOOTBALL MANAGER
trade mark in relation to your services.

 

In the meantime, our client reserves its rights in respect of any causes
of action available to it in this matter and in respect of any claim for
costs and/or damages against you. In this regard, your speed in complying
with our requests will be taken into account.

 

Yours faithfully        

 

Willoughby & Partners

The Isis Building, 193 Marsh Wall, Thames Quay, London, E14 9SG,  United
Kingdom

Tel:  +44 (0)207 345 8888 Direct Fax: +44 (0)207 345 4555
law@iprights.com  

www.iprights.com

 

IMPORTANT: The contents of this email and attachments are confidential
and may be subject to legal privilege and/or protected by copyright. 
Copying or communicating any part of it to others is prohibited and may
be unlawful. If you are not the intended recipient you must not use,
copy, distribute or rely on this email and should please return it
immediately or notify us by telephone. While we take every reasonable
precaution to screen out computer viruses from emails, attachments to
this email may contain such viruses.  We cannot accept liability for loss
or damage resulting from such viruses. We recommend you carry out your
own virus checks.



This message has been scanned for viruses by MailControl, a service from
BlackSpider Technologies.



    [ Part 2, "trade mark.pdf"  Application/PDF  36KB. ]
    [ Unable to print this part. ]

